>If you're excited about LLM, embedding, LangChain, AI, and ML, this repository is your gateway to a world of possibilities. Welcome aboard! 🚀🤖📚

# Intellectia
## Your Guardian Against Misleading AI-Generated Content.

At Intellectia, we're on a mission to eliminate misinformation and AI-generated deception. Our vigilant system detects and removes misleading articles, thanks to the dedicated efforts of our user community. With human reviews ensuring accuracy, we're your trusted platform for truthful, transparent, and reliable content. Join us in the fight against misinformation!

> "Welcome, valued contributors! 🌟 Whether you're a seasoned expert or new to the field, there's a place for everyone to make a meaningful impact here. Your unique perspective and skills are highly appreciated, and together, we can achieve great things. Let's collaborate, learn, and build something extraordinary. 🚀👏"

🔗 **Useful Links:**

- 💬 [Discord](https://discord.gg/eQjh6AdEmg)
- 📫 [PostMan](https://www.postman.com/galactic-firefly-721755/workspace/intellectia/request/10849501-459d4afa-6e15-4611-92e6-7d852344e17c)

# Intellectia Client Development

Intellectia Client Development focuses on enhancing the client-side features of the application. The table below provides development status:

| Page Name               | Features                        | Status     |
|-------------------------|---------------------------------|------------|
| Authentication/LoginPage | Email, Password, Google Login   | ✔️ Functional |
| Authentication/SignUpPage | Email, Password, Google SignUp  | ✔️ Functional |
| Dashboard/ChooseTopics | `Dashboard/ChooseTopics` is a page that empowers users to personalize their dashboard experience by selecting their preferred topics and interests, ensuring they receive relevant content and updates.  | ✔️ Functional |

## You've got a mail ✉
We understand that for newcomers, the world of open source can appear daunting, with its multitude of files and issues. Even when a promising "good first issue" is found, it can be challenging to determine where to begin. That's why at Intellectia, we are committed to simplifying the path for new contributors to make a meaningful impact.

Our approach is to provide well-documented issues that serve as a clear roadmap to the problem area. We don't provide solutions; instead, we guide you on where to look for bugs or opportunities for improvement. Our primary goal is to create a welcoming and developer-friendly environment, particularly for students and open-source newcomers.

If you find our repository helpful, we kindly ask you to share this resource with your college community. Our aim is to facilitate real-world experience in large-scale project development. Please note that during the review process, we maintain transparency and offer constructive feedback. If you're open to learning and growing through constructive criticism, we invite you to contribute to our project. If not, we encourage you to explore other repositories for your contributions.

## Do we use AI?
Yes, we do utilize AI technology within our platform. We employ Large Language Models (LLMs) to enable our users to engage in conversations with `Intellectia` and seek answers to their questions. It's important to note that our AI system retrieves responses solely from our carefully curated database and knowledge base. These resources are comprised of trusted articles written by human experts and reviewed by human editors. We have a strict policy in place to exclude any content generated by AI algorithms.

The rationale behind this policy is to address concerns related to potential misinformation or inaccuracies that can arise from AI-generated content. LLMs, including those from OpenAI, have been known to generate persuasive yet factually incorrect information, which can lead to misunderstandings or inaccuracies. By relying exclusively on human-reviewed and curated content, we aim to ensure the highest level of accuracy and reliability in the information provided to our users.

Think of "Intellectia" as a vast library of knowledge that users can engage with through conversational interactions. We achieve this through the use of LLM technology, although it's important to clarify that we don't utilize OpenAI models specifically. Instead, we are considering the adoption of the "https://mistral.ai/news/announcing-mistral-7b/" technology, which appears to be a promising choice for our platform. This decision aligns with our commitment to delivering accurate and trustworthy information to our users while leveraging advanced AI tools to enhance their experience.

## Intellectia's Content Verification Process: Keeping It Reliable
To maintain accuracy in the articles you find on Intellectia, we take a special approach. See, it's really tough for computers to spot if a piece of writing was done by a smart AI like chatGPT or a human 🤖🧑. So, we rely on real people to check.

Here's how it works: When someone wants to share an article on Intellectia, we don't just post it right away. Instead, we send it to a group of reviewers 👩‍⚖️👨‍⚖️. These are users who are pretty smart in certain topics 🧠. They pick at least three areas they're good at and review articles related to those topics. For an article to go live, it needs the thumbs-up from at least half of these reviewers 👍👍.

But here's the cool part: These reviewers are chosen carefully 🕵️‍♀️🕵️. We look at their past work and what they know to make sure they're the right folks for the job 🔍. So, anyone on Intellectia can be both a reviewer and a writer 📝👩‍⚖️, making our community strong and dependable. 💪

## Why Become a Reviewer? 🧐'
Ever wondered why someone would want to become a reviewer on Intellectia? 🤔

Well, here's the deal: Once a user becomes a reviewer for articles in a specific topic, Intellectia acknowledges their expertise. We do this by giving their profile a distinct appearance and a special, exclusive badge 🏅, signaling to the community that this person is an expert in the field they review articles in. Reviewers stand out among regular users on our platform, making them easily recognizable.

But that's not all! We keep track of every interaction with the articles, including the ones reviewed by our esteemed reviewers. This means that all the articles reviewed by a reviewer are proudly displayed on their profile, showcasing their contributions.

In addition to this, we go the extra mile by featuring our reviewers across various topics in the GitHub readme section. This exposure not only boosts their reputation but also opens up opportunities for high-paying jobs.

Becoming a reviewer on Intellectia is not just about contributing; it's about standing out, showcasing your expertise, and accessing exciting opportunities! 🚀

## Setup

### Clone the Repository
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:prasenjeet-symon/intellectia.git
   ```

### Database Configuration Guide

At Intellectia, we provide you with two simple and efficient methods to set up your database for our project:

**1. XAMPP (Cross-Platform, Apache, MariaDB, PHP, and Perl):**

If you prefer using XAMPP for database configuration, follow these straightforward steps:

- Start by downloading XAMPP from this [official download link](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html). Once the download is complete, proceed with the installation by following the setup instructions.

- After the installation is successfully completed, open XAMPP. Initiate all the services one by one.

- Once all services are up and running, open your web browser and navigate to [http://localhost](http://localhost). You'll find "phpMyAdmin" in the header; click on it.

- Create a new database and name it 'intellectia.' That's it! Your database setup for Intellectia is now complete.

**2. Docker:**

If you opt for Docker, ensure you have Docker installed for your operating system. If you're unsure about the Docker installation process for your specific OS, don't hesitate to reach out to CHATGPT for guidance.

Once Docker is installed and operational, follow these steps:

- Navigate to the root folder of Intellectia using your terminal.

- Execute the command `docker-compose up -d`. This command orchestrates the setup, and all the necessary components will be initiated.

- Please make sure that port 3306 is available on your local machine. If not, kindly halt any processes utilizing this port. In most cases, this might be due to another MySQL server running on your computer.

With these simple and effective methods, your database configuration for Intellectia is now successfully accomplished. Whether you choose XAMPP or Docker, you're ready to dive into the world of Intellectia and contribute to our exciting project. If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to ask. Happy coding!

### Finalizing the Setup

If you've just cloned the project, there are a few steps to get it up and running, including installing necessary dependencies and creating the required environment files. Let's go through the final setup:

**1. Create an `.env` File:**

- Navigate to the server folder. You can do this by opening your terminal and running `cd packages/server` from the root directory of the project.
  
- Once inside the server folder, create the `.env` file. You have two options for this:
  
    - You can use the command `copy .env.example .env`.
    - Alternatively, you can manually create a new file at the same level where the `.env.example` file is located. Copy all the content from `.env.example` to the newly created `.env` file. That's it. Your environment file is set up.

**2. Ensure `pnpm` is Installed:**

- Go back to the root folder of the project and run the following command: `npm install -g pnpm`. This command will install `pnpm` globally on your local machine.

**3. Install All Project Dependencies:**

- Once you have `pnpm` available, make sure you're at the root of the project and run `pnpm run app-setup`. Please be patient, as this command performs the initial setup, and it may take a few minutes.

- After this process completes, your project will be up and running, ready for development. You can make any necessary changes and see the results in real-time. Keep in mind that the server typically runs on `http://localhost:3001`, while the client is on `http://localhost:5173/`.

**4. Restart the Project for Development:**

- If you ever need to restart the development project, use the command `pnpm run app-dev`. This will initiate the project again for development.

That's it! Your project is configured and ready for action. You can now dive into development, make your contributions, and enjoy the Intellectia experience. If you have any questions or need assistance, please feel free to reach out. Happy coding!
